Moved styles to wrapper div (#106)
MicrosoftEdge/Demos: devtools-extension/README.md

> # Custom DevTools extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Custom DevTools tool
```
The emphasis should be the end thing that's created by this sample: a custom tool in DevTools; not HOW it's implemented, as an extension, under the covers.  Else it's confusing what the end result is.
@captainbrosset

> This DevTools Extension sample is a Microsoft Edge extension that adds a **Custom** tool in Microsoft Edge DevTools, including a tab in the **Activity Bar**, and a panel below the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Microsoft Edge extension sample adds a **Custom** tool in Microsoft Edge DevTools, including a tab in the **Activity Bar**, and a panel below the tab.
```

* The **Custom** DevTools tool calls the DevTools API to display memory information.

> * The webpage under inspection, and the **Custom** DevTools tool, send messages back and forth, in two-way communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The webpage under inspection, and the **Custom** DevTools tool, send messages between each other.
```
